{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2708
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17120\viewh21300\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Christopher Rohde\
Board of Directors\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf0 Christopher Rohde is a filmmaker, musician and curator from Ottawa. His videos have been screened at festivals internationally and have won awards for Best Film by an Emerging Filmmaker at the Jasper Short Film and Media Arts Festival and Best Director (Experimental) at the Ottawa Independent Video Awards. Christopher received his M.A. in Film Studies from Carleton University in 2007. He was a member of Available Light Screening Collective from 2006 \'96 2013, and Programmer at SAW Video Media Art Centre from 2010 \'96 2015, where he curated dozens of screenings, installations, exhibitions, performances and other projects.\AppleTypeServices \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Kenneth Warner\
Board of Directors\
\
Kenneth Warner is a media artist, technician and educator at Algonquin College with a passionate interest in content that challenges the audience. His creative focus, musical practice and filmmaking experiments stem from an interest in social, technological and human interaction. After graduating from Carleton University with an honours degree in Communication and Political Science, Kenneth began working as a media and venue technician for various organizations and community groups. In addition, he has co-created and organized multimedia experiences in a variety of locations in Ontario and Eastern Canada.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Jess Maybear\
Board of Directors\
\
Jess Maybear is an Ottawa-based stage manager and designer. They have worked with companies across Canada like the Great Canadian Theatre Company, the National Arts Centre, Ship's Company Theatre, Odyssey Theatre, Company of Fools and Western Canada Theatre, and is currently a resident stage manager at the Algonquin Commons Theatre. She studied at The Centre for Opera Studies in Sulmona, Italy and at Algonquin College\'92s Theatrical Arts program. They have worked on small stages, found spaces, touring shows, with giant casts, intimate one-man shows, dance productions and competitions, live music, stand-up comedy, awards shows and even a Grey Cup.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Renuka Bauri\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Board of Directors\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Renuka Bauri is a cultural worker and advocate for the national arts sector. She is the former Director of Communications and Advocacy for CARFAC National. She has served on the boards of the Media Arts Network of Ontario and the Digital Arts Resource Centre, and has been a member of the Steering Committee for the Canadian Arts Coalition. Renuka holds a certificate in Business Management for Women and a certificate in Copyright Law Management. She is currently a workshop facilitator for the Respectful Workplace in the Arts program with the Cultural Human Resources Council.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Nicole Blundell\
Film jury\
\
Nicole Blundell is an artist and filmmaker living in Ottawa. Her artistic career runs in parallel with\'a0her passion for sharing the traditions and knowledge of the rich cultural history of Franco-Ontarian filmmakers.\'a0She is also a new member of the Lightproof Film Collective, where she hopes to expand her practice surrounded and supported by experienced filmmakers.\'a0Nicole was honoured to have had her last film PORT\'c9(E) premiere at the Mirror Mountain Film Festival, and looks forward to being able to show support for this important cultural event, this time as a juror.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Ludmylla Reis\
Film jury\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Ludmylla Reis\'a0is a poetic storyteller who strives to be creatively brave at every opportunity. Born and raised in Pindorama (Brazil) and an immigrant in Turtle Island (Canada), Ludmylla is a multidisciplinary artist working in Performing and Media Arts. With degrees in Advertising in 2008 and Directing for Theatre in 2018, they\'92ve navigated live and digital storytelling for over thirteen years. As an artist, their goal is to examine the private with the public through an imaginative lens, as they believe that exploring our emotions is a political act.\
\
OK Naledi\
Live performance jury\
\
OK Naledi is an Afro House music project created by Queer, Motswana Canadian musician Kimberly Naledi Sunstrum. Traditional sub-Saharan clean guitar lines, classic deep bass, movement-inspiring beats and that iconic, driving Afro House tempo - these are the pieces that define OK Naledi. There is a lot of complexity when it comes to being a visibly Queer, biracial, womxn artist who grew up predominantly in Botswana, but began creating music after moving to Canada - a Western demographic. This pandemic exacerbated the importance of nurturing identity and infusing it in the music of OK Naledi proudly, powerfully and consistently.\
\
Amanda Lowe Warnakulasuriya\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Live performance jury\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Born in Sri Lanka, raised on Prince Edward Island and based in Ottawa - Amanda Lowe Warnakulasuriya is a multidisciplinary artist, educator, grant writer, artist developer and event coordinator. Her mandate is to provide professional development opportunities, community engagement and advocacy support for IBPOC, Queer and Trans communities - helping them gain equitable access to opportunities and funding, both on and off stage! Currently, she is an Associate Program Officer for the Explore and Create program at the Canada Council for the Arts, and the Director of Programming at Girls+ Rock Ottawa.\'a0\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Lisa Birke\
Interactive media jury\
\
Lisa Birke is an interdisciplinary artist whose work is a result of the collision of video, performance art, and installation.\'a0She is interested in the stories that we re-cite and re-brand and how these inform our conception of the world and the tragi-comic perception of ourselves.\'a0Recently, Birke has been exploring immersive multimedia approaches using special effects, AR, and 360\'b0 video.\'a0Her award-winning video work has seen more than 100 screenings and installations at film festivals, media centers and in galleries and museums internationally. Birke is Assistant Professor of Digital and Extended Media\'a0at the University of Saskatchewan.\
\
Efehan Elbi\
Interactive media jury\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Efehan Elbi (he/they) is an award-winning director, animator, interactive coder and poet born a few millennia early. This has resulted in many space-themed works, such as IN COLD DARK, their game about life, love, and regret along the Sagittarius spiral, and the poetry book IN THE REACHES, a cosmic rumination on intimacy and loss. Efehan is also the creator of done\\undone, a mini studio of collaborations with their loves. They are very proud to have been featured as Mirror Mountain\'92s first interactive installation in 2019, and to have Canadian-premiered their award-winning short RAINFALL with Mirror Mountain in the year 2016, a.k.a. approximately ten lifetimes ago.\
}